List all algorithms and methods that we have covered in this course. Write 3 sentences to describe what each algorithm and method solves etc.

1)Depth First Search(DFS):

This algorithm parses left prefix of the tree and could process the whole tree. If m is finite, takes time O(bm) and this is not optimal solution, since it finds the leftmost solution regardless of depth or cost.

2)Breadth First Search(BFS):

BFS expands a shallowest node first in a FIFO manner. This algorithm has space complexity of O(b^s) and search time also takes the same.

3)Uniform Cost Search:

Uniform Cost Search expand a cheapest node first and process all nodes with cost less than cheapest solution. This algorithm is optimal and explores options in every direction.

4)Dijkstra's algorithm

Dijkstra's algorithm computes a SPT in any edge-weighted digraph with nonnegative weights. Using this algorithm array implementation will be optimal for dense graphs. Also, 4-way heap worth the trouble in performance-critical situations.

5) Kruskal's Algorithm

Kruskal's algorithm is minimum-spanning-tree algorithm which any two trees in the fores finds an edge of the least possible weight. Kruskal's algorithm is a special case of the greedy Minimum Spanning Tree algorithm. In Kruskal's algorithm, if the edges are already sorted, order of growth is E Log *V, where V is vertices.

6)Prim's Algorithm

In computer science, Prim's algorithm is a greedy algorithm that finds a minimum spanning tree for a weighted undirected graph. This means it finds a subset of the edges that forms a tree that includes every vertex, where the total weight of all the edges in the tree is minimized.

7)Minimax Algorithm

Minimax is a decision rule used in artificial intelligence,  game theory, statistics,decision theory and philosophy for minimizing the possible loss for a worst case scenario. When dealing with the positive gains, it is referred to as "maximin"—to maximize the minimum gain.

8)Expectimax Algorithm

The expectiminimax algorithm is a variation of the minimax algorithm, for use in AI systems that play two-player zero-sum games, such as backgammon, in which the outcome depends on a combination of the player's skill and chance elements such as dice rolls.

9) MDP Algorithm

A Markov decision process(MDP) is a discrete time stochastic control process. It provides a mathematical framework for modeling decision making in situations where outcomes are partly random and partly under the control of a decision maker.

10)Reinforcement Learning:

A reinforcement learning algorithm, learns by interacting with its environment. The agent receives rewards by performing correctly and penalties for performing incorrectly. The agent learns without human intervention by maximizing its reward and minimizing its penalty.

